Performance Spillover Effects in Entrepreneurial Networks: Assessing a Dyadic Theory of Social Capital.
A holistic approach to the evolution of an entrepreneurial ecosystem: An exploratory study of academic spin-offs.
User-Industry Spinouts: Downstream Industry Knowledge as a Source of New Firm Entry and Survival.
Identifying Merger Opportunities: The Case of Air Traffic Control.
Choosing Between a Student-Run and Professionally Managed Venture Accelerator.
Does a Theory-of-Value Add Value? Evidence from a Randomized Control Trial with Tanzanian Entrepreneurs.
Immigrant Entrepreneurship: The Effect of Early Career Immigration Constraints on New Venture Formation.
Knowledge sources of entrepreneurship: Firm formation by academic, user and employee innovators.
Rapid institutional shifts and the co-evolution of entrepreneurial firms in transition economies.
International Entrepreneurship and the Theory of the (Long-Lived) International Firm: A Capabilities Perspective.
The emergence of entrepreneurship as an academic field: A personal essay on institutional entrepreneurship.
On the origins of gender roles: Women and the plough.
Entrepreneurial Opportunities and Poverty Alleviation.
The Creation Theory of Entrepreneurship and Lean Startup Frameworks: Complementary or Contradictory?
Ability or finances as constraints on entrepreneurship? Evidence from survival rates in a natural experiment.
Virtual Collaboration Technology and International Business Coaching: Examining the Impact on Marketing Strategies and Sales.
Reprint of "The Startup Cartography Project: Measuring and mapping entrepreneurial ecosystems".
The Startup Cartography Project: Measuring and mapping entrepreneurial ecosystems.
Role Theory Perspectives: Past, Present, and Future Applications of Role Theories in Management Research.
Measuring enterprise potential in young people.
Organizational foundings in community context: Instruments manufacturers and their interrelationship with other organizations.
Agency and governance in strategic entrepreneurship.
International Entrepreneurship and Capability Development-Qualitative Evidence and Future Research Directions.
Destructive Creation at Work: How Financial Distress Spurs Entrepreneurship.
The Relationship Between Entrepreneurship Education and Entrepreneurial Intentions: A Meta-Analytic Review.
Institutional emergence in an era of globalization: The rise of transnational private regulation of labor and environmental conditions.
Helping Entrepreneurs Help Themselves: A Review and Relational Research Agenda on Entrepreneurial Support Organizations.
Entrepreneurial beacons: The Yale endowment, run-ups, and the growth of venture capital.
The Lean Startup as an Actionable Theory of Entrepreneurship.
The Sociology of Entrepreneurship Revisited.
The Varying Effects of Family Relationships in Entrepreneurial Teams.
Going pro-social: Extending the individual-venture nexus to the collective level.
Distribution channel choice of new entrepreneurial ventures.
Perceptions of Entrepreneurial Passion and Employees' Commitment to Entrepreneurial Ventures.
Founders, private equity investors, and underpricing in entrepreneurial IPOs.
Danger zone entrepreneurs: The importance of resilience and self-efficacy for entrepreneurial intentions.
The economic impact of social ties: Evidence from german reunification.
Are entrepreneurs influenced by risk attitude, regulatory focus or both? An experiment on entrepreneurs' time allocation.
A Growth Mindset Intervention: Enhancing Students’ Entrepreneurial Self-Efficacy and Career Development.
Exploring the Heart: Entrepreneurial emotion is a hot topic.
Smartphone Trading Technology, Investor Behavior, and Mutual Fund Performance.
Homeboy industries: An incubator of hope and businesses - A note to instructors.
Toward a theoretical basis for understanding the dynamics of strategic performance in family firms.
New trends in technology management education: A view from Europe.
The impact of entrepreneurial capacity, experience and organizational support on academic entrepreneurship.
Mobilizing for change: A study of research units in emerging scientific fields.
Not in the Job Description: The Commercial Activities of Academic Scientists and Engineers.
Angel Investors' and Entrepreneurs' Intentions to Exit Their Ventures: A Conflict Perspective.
Regionally asymmetric knowledge capabilities and open innovation: Exploring ‘Globalisation 2’—A new model of industry organisation.
Experiential learning within the process of opportunity identification and exploitation.
How corporate entrepreneurs learn from fledgling innovation initiatives: Cognition and the development of a termination script.
The Measurement of Entrepreneurial Orientation.
National Rates of Opportunity Entrepreneurship Activity: Insights From Institutional Anomie Theory.
Leveraged Exchange-Traded Funds with Market Closure and Frictions.
Bribery in the Workplace: A Field Experiment on the Threat of Making Group Behavior Visible.
Understanding Gendered Variations in Business Growth Intentions Across the Life Course.
Optimal structure, market dynamism, and the strategy of simple rules.
Which Entrepreneurs Bribe and What Do They Get From It? Exploratory Evidence From Vietnam.
Entrepreneurial policy: The case of regional specialization vs. spontaneous industrial diversity.
Entrepreneurial orientation: Assessing the construct's validity and addressing some of its implications for research in the areas of family business and organizational learning.
The role of gender in opportunity identification.
Exit strategies in family firms: How socioemotional wealth drives the threshold of performance.
Beyond the single-person, single-insight attribution in understanding entrepreneurial opportunities.
Grappling With the Unbearable Elusiveness of Entrepreneurial Opportunities.
The intellectual influence of entrepreneurship journals: A network analysis.
Transnational entrepreneurship: An emergent field of study.
The Effects of Perceived Control on Venture Capitalist Investment Decisions: A Configurational Perspective.
The nature of entrepreneurial Opportunities: Understanding the process using the 4I organizational learning framework.
The impact of environment and entrepreneurial perceptions on venture-creation efforts: Bridging the discovery and creation views of entrepreneurship.
The impact of family support on young entrepreneurs' start-up activities.
Entrepreneurship education: Correspondence between practices of nascent entrepreneurs and textbook prescriptions for success.
In Institutions We Trust? Trust in Government and the Allocation of Entrepreneurial Intentions.
Does Institutional Change in Universities Influence High-Tech Entrepreneurship? Evidence from China's Project 985.
Do university entrepreneurship programs promote entrepreneurship?
Common Venture Capital Investors and Startup Growth.
Diversity in National Culture and Financial Harvest Exit Strategy in New Technology Ventures.
Should Entrepreneurially Oriented Firms Have Narcissistic CEOs?
Knowledge spillover and entrepreneurship: Evidence from BITNET.
Explaining the “University-run enterprises” in China: A theoretical framework for university–industry relationship in developing countries and its application to China.
Entrepreneurship at the Periphery: Exploring Framework Conditions in Core and Peripheral Locations.
Designing Sparse Graphs for Stochastic Matching with an Application to Middle-Mile Transportation Management.
The Determinants of Corporate Entrepreneurial Intention Within Small and Newly Established Firms.
Complements or substitutes? The role of universities and local context in supporting the creation of academic spin-offs.
Emotions and Entrepreneurial Opportunity Evaluation.
Female Entrepreneurs Targeting Women: Strategic Redirection Under Scientific Decision-Making.
Entrepreneurship-Hop.
Are you talking to me? The nature of community in entrepreneurship scholarship.
The epistemology of entrepreneurial orientation: Conceptual formation, modeling, and operationalization.
The Business Model in Practice and its Implications for Entrepreneurship Research.
Frontiers: Breaking the Glass Ceiling: Empowering Female Entrepreneurs Through Female Mentors.
An Intergeneration Solidarity Perspective on Succession Intentions in Family Firms.
Economic freedom and service industry growth in the United States.
United we stand? Organizational groups and spinoff mortality in the context of academic entrepreneurship.
Does Career Risk Deter Potential Entrepreneurs?
On the Emergence of Collective Psychological Ownership in New Creative Teams.
Navigating the validity tradeoffs of entrepreneurship research experiments: A systematic review and best-practice suggestions.
Franchise Partnership and International Expansion: A Conceptual Framework and Research Propositions.
Economic impact of entrepreneurial universities' activities: An exploratory study of the United Kingdom.
Industry funding and university professors’ research performance.
Individual and organizational inhibitors to the development of entrepreneurial competencies in universities.
Skill-Biased Technical Change, Again? Online Gig Platforms and Local Employment.
Differences Between Men and Women in Opportunity Evaluation as a Function of Gender Stereotypes and Stereotype Activation.
The role of gender stereotypes in perceptions of entrepreneurs and intentions to become an entrepreneur.
Meet me at the backdoor: A multiple case study of academic entrepreneurs bypassing their technology transfer offices.
Entrepreneurial Behavior of Academic Scientists: Network and Cognitive Determinants of Commitment to Grant Submissions and Award Outcomes.
Marshaling resources to form small new ventures: Toward a more holistic understanding of entrepreneurial support.
When Contingency Is a Resource: Educating Entrepreneurs in the Balkans, the Bronx, and Beyond.
How Entrepreneurship Evolves: The Founders of New Magazines in America, 1741–1860.
Constraining entrepreneurial development: A knowledge-based view of social networks among academic entrepreneurs.
The role of affect in the creation and intentional pursuit of entrepreneurial ideas.
Building the Chicago School.
From pabst to Pepsi: The deinstitutionalization of social practices and the creation of entrepreneurial opportunities.
Fragmented networks and entrepreneurship in late imperial Russia.
Evolutionary processes and paths of relationally embedded network ties in emerging entrepreneurial firms.
Deciding to persist: Adversity, values, and entrepreneurs' decision policies.
Experienced entrepreneurial founders, organizational capital, and venture capital funding.
Remote Work and Job Applicant Diversity: Evidence from Technology Startups.
How the Design of Ranking Systems and Ability Affect Physician Effort.
Unraveling the “passion orchestra” in academia.
The importance of pro-social behaviour for the breadth and depth of knowledge transfer activities: An analysis of Italian academic scientists.
Conceptualizing corporate entrepreneurship strategy.
Innovation effects of academic executives: Evidence from China.
Second-Order Knowledge Intermediaries and Multi-Country Entrepreneurial Entry into a Nascent Industry.
How do entrepreneurial founding teams allocate task positions?
Social Influence and Entrepreneurship: The Effect of University Peers on Entrepreneurial Entry.
Price-Fixing Cartels and Firm Innovation.
Digital Bricolage and Its Limits: How Microenterprises Undertake Digitalization in Resource-Constrained Environments.
Call Me Maybe: Does Customer Feedback Seeking Impact Nonsolicited Customers?
Is Franchising Entrepreneurship? Yes, No, and Maybe So.
Informal family business in Africa.
Aging and entrepreneurs' emotional exhaustion: The role of entrepreneurial strategy, psychological capital, and felt age gap.
Intuition versus analysis? Testing differential models of cognitive style on entrepreneurial self-efficacy and the new venture creation process.
Learning in Temporary Teams: The Varying Effects of Partner Exposure by Team Member Role.
The Relationship Between Knowledge Transfer, Top Management Team Composition, and Performance: The Case of Science-Based Entrepreneurial Firms.
Computable entrepreneurship.
The influence of sustainability orientation on entrepreneurial intentions — Investigating the role of business experience.
Disruptions, Redundancy Strategies, and Performance of Small Firms: Evidence from Uganda.
The RICH Entrepreneur: Using Conservation of Resources Theory in Contexts of Uncertainty.
Location choices of graduate entrepreneurs.
Measuring the performance of Oxford University, Oxford Brookes University and the government laboratories’ spin-off companies.
Small-Business group formation as an entrepreneurial development model.
When do startups scale? Large-scale evidence from job postings.
A national systems view of university entrepreneurial ism: Inferences from comparison of the German and US experience.
Entrepreneurs' decisions on timing of entry: Learning from participation and from the experiences of others.
New Venture Teams and the Quality of Business Opportunities Identified: Faultlines Between Subgroups of Founders and Investors.
Development and cross-cultural application of a specific instrument to measure entrepreneurial intentions.
Overoptimism and the Performance of Entrepreneurial Firms.
The role of organizational learning in the opportunity-recognition process.
Human Capital and Search-Based Discovery: A Study of High-Tech Entrepreneurship.
Revisiting the Entrepreneurial Commercialization of Academic Science: Evidence from "Twin" Discoveries.
Dynamics of social capital and their performance implications: Lessons from biotechnology start-ups.
On the Theory of Entrepreneurial Incentives and Alertness.
High-Potential Concepts, Phenomena, and Theories for the Advancement of International Entrepreneurship Research.
Entrepreneurial self-efficacy: Refining the measure.
Economic freedom and the motivation to engage in entrepreneurial action.
How entrepreneurial intentions influence entrepreneurial career choices: The moderating influence of social context.
It's about time: The timing of entrepreneurial experience and the career dynamics of university graduates.
Agency, strategic entrepreneurship, and the performance of private equity-backed buyouts.
The value of an educated population for an individual's entrepreneurship success.
Governance, social identity, and entrepreneurial orientation in closely held public companies.
Value creation in university-firm research collaborations: A matching approach.
The central question in entrepreneurial cognition research 2007.
Beyond simple utility: Incentive design and trade-offs for corporate employee-entrepreneurs.
The impact of strategic entrepreneurship inside the organization: Examining job stress and employee retention.
Entrepreneurial orientation and growth of SMEs: A causal model.
Framing the entrepreneurial experience.
From human capital to social capital: A longitudinal study of technology-based academic entrepreneurs.
Parental Entrepreneurial Role Model Influence on Male Offspring: Is It Always Positive and When Does It Occur?
A 2×2 Conceptual Foundation for Entrepreneurial Discovery Theory.
The gender gap in PhD entrepreneurship: Why balancing employment in academia really matters.
Do International Networks and Foreign Market Knowledge Facilitate SME Internationalization? Evidence From the Czech Republic.
ERC science and invention: Does ERC break free from the EU Paradox?
Entrepreneurship in innovation ecosystems: Entrepreneurs' self-regulatory processes and their implications for new venture success.
How new market categories emerge: Temporal dynamics of legitimacy, identity, and entrepreneurship in satellite radio, 1990-2005.
Putting university research in context: Assessing alternative measures of production and diffusion at Stanford.
From the ivory tower to the startup garage: Organizational context and commercialization processes.
How to Share "A Really Good Secret": Managing Sharing/Secrecy Tensions Around Scientific Knowledge Disclosure.
Exploring the evolution of supporter networks in the creation of new organizations.
Towards a segmentation of science parks: A typology study on science parks in Europe.
Transfer scouts: from intermediation to co-constructors of new knowledge and technologies in Germany.
Dominant logic and entrepreneurial firms' performance in a transition economy.
Entrepreneurial orientation, technology transfer and spinoff performance of U.S. universities.
Unpacking entrepreneurial education: Learning activities, students' gender, and attitude toward entrepreneurship.
Recognizing opportunities for sustainable development.
Entrepreneurial orientation and the performance of religious congregations as predicted by rational choice theory.
Bankruptcy laws and entrepreneur- friendliness.
Academic engagement and commercialisation: A review of the literature on university–industry relations.
Knowledge diffusion in nascent industries: Asymmetries between startups and established firms in spurring inventions by other firms.
The process of entrepreneurial learning: A conceptual framework.
Policy orientation effects on performance with licensing to start-ups and small companies.
What Is an Opportunity?: From Theoretical Mystification to Everyday Understanding.
The influence of university departments on the evolution of entrepreneurial competencies in spin-off ventures.
A Qualitative Approach to Evidence-Based Entrepreneurship: Theoretical Considerations and an Example Involving Business Clusters.
Entrepreneurial orientation and business performance: An assessment of past research and suggestions for the future.
The social and collaborative nature of entrepreneurship scholarship: A co-citation and perceptual analysis.
Can Technology Startups Hire Talented Early Employees? Ability, Preferences, and Employee First Job Choice.
Different founders, different venture outcomes: A comparative analysis of academic and non-academic startups.
On Cultural and Macroeconomic Contingencies of the Entrepreneurial Orientation-Performance Relationship.
An Effectual Approach to International Entrepreneurship: Overlaps, Challenges, and Provocative Possibilities.
Exploring the role of trust in the deal-making process for early-stage technology ventures.
Scholarly communities in entrepreneurship research: A co-citation analysis.
Advancing strategic entrepreneurship research: The role of complexity science in shifting the paradigm.
New Venture and Family Business Teams: Understanding Team Formation, Composition, Behaviors, and Performance.
Determinants of Entrepreneurial Intent: A Meta-Analytic Test and Integration of Competing Models.
Angel funding and entrepreneurs' well-being: The mediating role of autonomy, competence, and relatedness.
Transnational entrepreneurship: Determinants of firm type and owner attributions of success.
Converging Tides Lift All Boats: Consensus in Evaluation Criteria Boosts Investments in Firms in Nascent Technology Sectors.
Family business, identity conflict, and an expedited entrepreneurial process: A process of resolving identity conflict.
The Lean Startup Framework: Closing the Academic-Practitioner Divide.
The New Field of Sustainable Entrepreneurship: Studying Entrepreneurial Action Linking "What Is to Be Sustained" With "What Is to Be Developed".
Entrepreneurial Perceptions and Intentions: The Role of Gender and Culture.
Assessing the relationship between human capital and firm performance: Evidence from technology-based new ventures.
The Knowledge Spillover Theory of Entrepreneurship in Alliances.
Tilting at windmills? The environmental movement and the emergence of the U.S. wind energy sector.
Cultural contingency in the cognitive model of entrepreneurial intention.
Bureaucracy and entrepreneurship: Workplace effects on entrepreneurial entry.
Specialists, Generalists, or Both? Founders' Multidimensional Breadth of Experience and Entrepreneurial Ventures' Fundraising at IPO.
Performance configurations over time: Implications for growth- and profit-oriented strategies.
Learning From Levi-Strauss' Legacy: Art, Craft, Engineering, Bricolage, and Brokerage in Entrepreneurship.
Entrepreneurship as a solution to extreme poverty: A review and future research directions.
Exploring an Inverted U-Shape Relationship between Entrepreneurial Orientation and Performance in Chinese Ventures.
Note to instructors: Building a better rat trap.
Building a better rat trap: Technological innovation, human capital, and the Irula.
An integrated approach to educating professionals for careers in innovation.
Anatomy of use-inspired researchers: From Pasteur’s Quadrant to Pasteur’s Cube model.
Commercializing Science: Is There a University “Brain Drain” from Academic Entrepreneurship?
Easy Now, Desirable Later: The Moderating Role of Temporal Distance in Opportunity Evaluation and Exploitation.
Institutional determinants of macro-level entrepreneurship.
Creating the Future Together: Toward a Framework for Research Synthesis in Entrepreneurship.
Path-dependent evolution versus intentional management of investment ties in science-based entrepreneurial firms.
Structural folds: Generative disruption in overlapping groups.
Green to Gone? Regional Institutional Logics and Firm Survival in Moral Markets.
Mavericks and Diplomats: Bridging Commercial and Institutional Entrepreneurship for Society's Grand Challenges.
The Role of Justice Perceptions in Formal and Informal University Technology Transfer.
The organizational pervasiveness of entrepreneurial orientation.
The impact of network capabilities and entrepreneurial orientation on university spin-off performance.
University departments and self-employment intentions of business students: A cross-level analysis.
Entrepreneurial orientation, learning orientation, and firm performance.
The entrepreneurship process in base of the pyramid markets: The case of multinational enterprise/nongovernment organization alliances.
Forage for thought: Mobilizing codes in the movement for grass-fed meat and dairy products.
Emotions and Opportunities: The Interplay of Opportunity Evaluation, Fear, Joy, and Anger as Antecedent of Entrepreneurial Exploitation.
Contextualizing Entrepreneurship—Conceptual Challenges and Ways Forward.
The effectiveness of university knowledge spillovers: Performance differences between university spinoffs and corporate spinoffs.
Collective cognition: When entrepreneurial teams, not individuals, make decisions.
Contrasting entrepreneurial economic development in emerging latin american economies: Applications and extensions of resource-based theory.
The influence of the venture capitalist's governance activities on the entrepreneurial firm's control systems and performance.
Where to from here? EO-as-experimentation, failure, and distribution of outcomes.
Gender, entrepreneurial self-efficacy, and entrepreneurial career intentions: Implications for entrepreneurship education.
Bouncing Back From a Loss: Entrepreneurial Orientation, Emotions, and Failure Narratives.
Editorial: Advancing the field of entrepreneurship: The primacy of unequivocal "A" level entrepreneurship journals.
The Creation and Configuration of Infrastructure for Entrepreneurship in Emerging Domains of Activity.
Internal Resources, External Network, and Competitiveness during the Growth Stage: A Study of Taiwanese High-Tech Ventures.
Corporate entrepreneurship as resource capital configuration in emerging market firms.
Building an innovation hub: A case study of the transformation of university roles in regional technological and economic development.
Regional crowdfunding and high tech entrepreneurship.
Lab, Gig or Enterprise? How scientist-inventors form nascent startup teams.
Troops are Business Schools: Military Service and Entrepreneurial Behaviors in China.
Age and entrepreneurial career success: A review and a meta-analysis.
The mediating role of self-efficacy in the development of entrepreneurial intentions.
Entrepreneurial Orientation, Organizational Learning, and Performance: Evidence From China.