The “d’you” story: gearing the startup during the pandemic.
University Students' Entrepreneurial Intentions: A Comparative Analysis of Hong Kong and Guangzhou.
Problem-based learning approach in accomplishing innovation and entrepreneurship of civil engineering undergraduates.
Leveraged Exchange-Traded Funds with Market Closure and Frictions.
Understanding teacher entrepreneurial behavior in schools: Conceptualization and empirical investigation.
How does university-based entrepreneurship education facilitate the development of entrepreneurial Intention？Integrating passion- and competency-based perspectives.
A Multilevel Model of Entrepreneurship Education and Entrepreneurial Intention: Opportunity Recognition as a Mediator and Entrepreneurial Learning as a Moderator.
Knowing thoughts by seeing deeds: The role of creative self-concept, entrepreneurial mindset, and creative behaviour in innovation and entrepreneurship education.
Equity Financing for Early-Stage Companies in China (CARE Conference Hong Kong Polytechnic University, June 9, 2014).
Creativity: A key link to entrepreneurial behavior.
Impacts of innovativeness and attitude on entrepreneurial intention: among engineering and non-engineering students.
Determinants of students' entrepreneurial intention - a comparative study in Poland and Hong Kong.
Personality traits, social capital, and entrepreneurial creativity: comparing green socioentrepreneurial intentions across Taiwan and Hong Kong.
Factors Influencing the Entrepreneurial Intentions of Hong Kong and Macao Students in Chinese Mainland Universities in the Context of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area: A Study from the Perspective of Cultivating Innovative Talents.
Opportunities and challenges of graduate entrepreneurship in China's Greater Bay Area: cases in Hong Kong and Shenzhen.
The Impact of E-Learning Technologies on Entrepreneurial and Sustainability Performance.
Young people’s perceptions of the challenges and opportunities during the Mainland China–Hong Kong convergence.
Towards corporatized collaborative governance: the multiple networks model and entrepreneurial universities in Hong Kong.
Mapping the landscape: a compreheansive bibliometric analysis of literature on entrepreneurship in tourism (2013–2023).
What makes better career opportunities for young graduates? Examining acquired employability skills in higher education institutions.
Navigating managerial and entrepreneurial reforms in research-intensive universities: A comparison of early career trajectories in Hong Kong and Canada.
Bankruptcy Laws and Entrepreneur- Friendliness.
Cultural contingency in the cognitive model of entrepreneurial intention.
The impact of entrepreneurial education on entrepreneurial intention of engineering students in Hong Kong.
Academic entrepreneurship in South East Asia: An exploratory study of spin-offs in biotechnology from Hong Kong universities.
University-based social innovation and entrepreneurship education in Hong Kong: a curriculum analysis.
Navigating complexity: academics’ agency in establishing social innovation and entrepreneurship education at universities.
Satisfying higher education students’ psychological needs through case-based instruction for fostering creativity and entrepreneurship.
Assessing engineering students' perspectives of entrepreneurship education within higher education: a comparative study in Hong Kong.
A mindset of entrepreneurship for sustainability.
How entrepreneurial learning impacts one's intention towards entrepreneurship.
Improving Students’ Satisfaction with the Quality of Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education in Colleges and Universities in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.
